layout: docs
title: packages
---
## reapp-routes

A small library for generating a tree representing routes that also map to paths.

This does two things: saves code and enforces consistency.

**Before reapp-routes**

```js
var App = require('./components/App');
var Sub = require('./components/app/Sub');
var OtherSub = require('./components/app/OtherSub');

module.exports =
  <Route handler={App} path="/">
    <Route name="sub" handler={Sub} />
    <Route name="otherSub" handler={OtherSub} />
  </Route>
```

**With reapp-routes**

```js
module.exports = routes(require,
  route('app',
    route('sub'),
    route('otherSub')
  )
)
```

The `routes` method reads in the object tree generated by `route` and determines
the path correspondingly. You can even customize it using the `dir` property on routes.
In the end, you end up with consistent directory structures that map to your routes,
less requires and code, and a simple routes file.

It does require Webpack or a bundle system that handles dynamic requires.

### Examples

Using react-router helpers:

```js
var { route, routes } = require('reapp-routes/react-router/generator');

module.exports = routes(require,
  route('app', '/', { dir: '' },
    route('kitchen', '/',
      route('controls'),
      route('modals'),
      route('popovers'),
      route('forms')
    ),
    route('viewer')
  )
);
```

Rolling your own:

```js
var React = require('react');
var { Route, DefaultRoute } = require('react-router');
var { route, routes } = require('react-router-generator');

module.exports = generate(routes(
  { dir: 'components/' },
  route({ name: 'app', path: '/', dir: '' },
    route('kitchen',
      route('controls'),
      route('modals'),
      route('popovers')
    )
  )
));

function generate(props) {
  props.children = props.children ? props.children.map(generate) : null;
  props.handler = require(props.handlerPath);

  return props.defaultRoute ?
    <DefaultRoute {...props} /> :
    <Route {...props} />;
}
```

Corresponing file tree, notice how `dir` affects nesting:

```text
/components
  /kitchen
    Controls.jsx
    Modals.jsx
    Popovers.jsx
  Kitchen.jsx
  App.jsx
```

### Todo
 - Document, tests

See the index.js for more in-code documentation.
## reapp-component

Component is a tiny, no-dependency library designed for top-down applications.

 It's essentially a factory, that provides two things on it's factories:

  - Decorators through `addDecorator`
  - Dependency Injection through `addStatics`

So essentially Dependency Injection and Decorations.

In reapp it's optional, but we found it helpful when creating large apps, for
times when you want to add a mixin to every class, or have commonly used ones.
As well as for injecting stuff like stores, etc.

Because React apps use gradual controller-view -> view trees
DI is typically very simple and more akin to global variables. Decorators are helpful
for medium to large scale apps. They can help you have default mixins, and automate
other tasks you'd normally do all over the place.

### Usage

```js
var c1 = Component();

c1.addDecorator(spec => {
  spec.decorated = true;
  return spec;
});

c1.addStatics('hello', 'world');

assert(c1.hello === 'world');
assert(c1({}) === { decorated: true })
```
## reapp-platform

This library is for now the "glue" library for a few different pieces of reapp.
Ideally eventually this library could be phased out all together into smaller
ones, or moved into the other reapp pieces, respectively.

When you require this library it does two things:

- Enables touch events for React (this will be not necessary by React 1.0)
- Includes [reapp-object-assign](https://github.com/reapp/reapp-object-assign)
which gives you a polyfill to use Object.assign() in your app.

It also exports an object with:

- Env: { CLIENT: (true/false), SERVER: (true/false) }
- Helpers:
  - storePromise: pass in a store, and a function that takes in the store data and returns true or false, will resovle the promise when the condition returns true.
- Mixins:
  - RoutedViewListMixin: Provides a variety of helpers for use with react-router and ViewLists
  - storeRefreshMixin: pass in actions as arguments, will forceRefresh a React component when those actions happen.
## reapp-request

An early stage library (ie. unfinished) that wants to help package together a nice
isomorphic request module. For now there are a few options including
Superagent, request, and cujojs/rest.

Superagent works nicelly but doesn't have promise support, but there
is a good library superagent-bluebird-promise. So for now we just extend
that.

The others also either bundle their own promise library or have separate
modules for them, but are bulky or tied to their promise library.

The goal here is to take the nice and small surface of Superagent with
superagent-bluebird-promise, and add on caching and offline support, eventually.
## reapp-reducer

Simple reducer for use with flux. Reduces an array or map into an array of objects with:
  { id, data, status }

Status is given first so we can allow currying, ex:

```js
var loadedReducer = reducer.bind(null, 'LOADED');

fetch(url).then(loadedReducer).then(store);
```

status is optional, default value is 'OK'

```js
assert(reducer([1]) === [{ id: 0, data: 1, status: 'OK' }]
```

## reapp-object-assign

Injects [Object.assign](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/assign)
into your apps.

Polyfill taken from [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/assign).
## reapp-pack

A helper for generating webpack configs, along with some small helpers.
Includes `./webpackServer` for easy use of webpack-dev-server.

Based heavily on the official [webpack/react-starter](https://github.com/webpack/react-starter) repo.

Webpack is just an export of the version of webpack used in this repository.

### Usage

See required files in `./config`.

```js
var config = require('./config/webpack.run.js');
var webpackServer = require('reapp-pack/webpackServer');

webpackServer(config, {
  port: 3011,
  debug: true,
  hot: true
});
```

### Options

See `./index.js`.
## reapp-server

reapp-server provides express and webpack servers that work together to serve
a reapp app.

reapp-server takes in options that it uses to build the webpack config. By default
it runs in development mode and looks for a /config/config.development.js file to
determine options. It includes default configs for development and production though.

See `./webpack/config.*.js` for the default config files.

See `./webpack/make.js` for how to build the webpack config.


### Options

```
mode: corresponds to config files, typically 'development' or 'production'
port: port to serve on, webpack server port by default is +1 of this
wport: optional, to specify custom webpack server work
staticPaths: array of strings, relative paths of where to serve static assets
dir: dir of where to serve app
debug: turn on debugging from webpack
hostname: set hostname to serve from, default 'localhost'
```

### TODO

- Work to be done getting isomorphic working again
- General organization, tests and code docs throughout
